what are you doing fluffy bum huh
Luigi Maya what are you doing you porky
pie you got me you got me you got me
well and truly got me yeah what are you
doing what are you doing are you doing
happy face what are you doing happy girl
oh they're rolling over are we me and if
they roll over roll over again oh come
on you're being lazy lazy what's it
doing what's it doing is hitting you in
the face
oh you you got it you got it you got it
with your boss
get ready you gonna play Eddie hey bye
what are you doing you're meant to bring
it back you meant to bring it all the
way back to me not to where you stash
things not to where he's - things you're
still jelly you are is so didn't
you want it and it's soft
yeah you want this often rolling over
again are we
yeah you can do it again you can do it
it's like okay this way or this way
you're too easily distracted Little Miss
you are you're still jelly is you yeah
what do you do it no I get kisses I love
you too
I do I love you too and you have a belly
rub don't you you do why are you
throwing straw at me yeah my legs in
there no don't eat those
no no no not fun did you
they're not
ready ready ready all right you ready
but that's wrong way
but you do is you got the wrong way you
did you went the wrong way
all you want to play with your bone I'm
not throwing that yeah it's a nice bone
no you kidding right no no no it's not
yummy
put it down I can't see you now it's got
you on it drew
you